Add example-module (#17)
puzzle/puzzle.opnsense: docs/docsite/rst/development_guide.rst

        del config["key"]  # Delete a configuration value
        config.save()  # Save changes

Using Vagrant
=============

> Run ansible directlyagainst a running instance of opnsense with Vagrant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run ansible directly against a running instance of OPNsense with Vagrant.
```
